hey you want an instant energy boost you
feel a little sluggish you know lack of
energy comes from stress lack of sleep
or nutrition but the biggest energy
drainer is your lack of activity so come
on let's do something about that right
now come on walk with me in just five
minutes you are going to feel focused
alert full of energy come on just walk
in place
nice nice nice come on pick up your feet
go walk walk please I'm walking shoes on
if you're at the office sorry ladies no
heels you gotta have walking shoes on
just walk walk walk but you know some
people think that exercise makes them
tired so exercise brings energy try a
sidestep all you do is step out to the
side bring the other foot in to need it
little easy side steps but it's breath
exercise brings energy because it gets
the heart pumping you get oxygen for the
working muscles you get a big boost
sitting makes you tithe the more you sit
where you want to sit the more you move
the more you want to move
instant natural energy you're doing it
now
4 3 2 walk walk walk walk some other
ways to keep your energy up you gotta
stay hydrated guys drink that water come
on just walk Karina got some kicks right
here and kick kick also got breakfast
did you have breakfast today that's a
way to keep energy up people let's get
breakfast you're tired all the time how
about your sleep you're getting good
sleep at night seven eight hours of
sleep you need it ok that brings your
energy up and take a multivitamin those
are all ways to keep your energy up but
by far the number one way to keep energy
going natural good energy not jittery
and energy natural energy it's this
you're doing it come on walk walk strong
Oh
I try and me if all you do is lift the
knee and lift the knee real high put the
side muscles in motion the back end and
get your posture ready okay take your
tummy belly button towards the spine
flap it up and then bring your shoulder
right above your hip bone and you've
aligned your back now you're walking
tall you have great posture
two easy moves flatten the tummy put the
shoulder above the hip bone you did it
come on knees four three two walk walk
walk walk walk
let's slow down two up and two back all
you do is move forward and move back you
don't have a lot of room don't worry
just stay there and walk but if you've
got room let's go come on stretch your
legs out move your muscles walk walk
walk walk walk walk backing up good for
your balance good for the muscles behind
you you know those are all under trained
muscles in the back of our body need
extra training they're just going along
for the ride a back up motion helps to
light those muscles up good two more
we're going up and back two more times
one more time that's the way to walk
that's the way to walk to get energy
upper body reach forward and pull back
reach forward can you feel the your core
temperature is up the body temperature
already and just fuel it goes up that's
it you bring them here to the muscles
flew it into the joints one more to the
front now go up over the head reach high
I'll reach really high and stretch it
out all the way through the fingers
reach reach reach
reach for more four three two one for
you power walk power walk pick up seat
side steps are coming back for almost
done here it is just step out to the
side dig in a little that is sit down
into it bend your knees and step out
step out out together out together out
together eight eight seven six five four
three two you're walking now go walk
very nice so we're kicking now just kick
two three lift your knees four four four
three two go back to kicks four four one
two three knees up for four lesson
and last set of kicks for one two three
let's walk again walk that was it that's
your five-minute 500 step energy booster
see you next time